README.md, before:

# Welcome to 995 Callister!

We built this home in 2012, and in 2013, we brought home our dog and
our son. We welcomed our daughter a few years later. We hope that this
house will be a wonderful home for you and your loved ones!

## Maintenance

* If any bathroom outlet is not working, check the GFCI outlet in the
main floor powder room. Try to reset the outlet and usually, the
outlets in all bathrooms should go back to working.

* The shutoff valve for the hose bib in the front of the house is in the
master bathroom under the right-side sink.

* The shutoff valve for the hose bib on the Southside of the house is
next to the water heater.

* I adjusted the scald guard as requested, but if you desire a
different setting, you'll want to pry the temperature control plate
off of the faucet housing then use a philips-head screwdriver to
remove the piece blocking the guard. Take a picture of the current
setting before attempting to adjust the scald guard, so you know your
starting point.

* The fireplace is a gas fireplace, but requires D cell batteries to
start. To change the batteries, lift the bottom metal face of the
fireplace and pull out.

* The [best carpet spot
remover](https://smile.amazon.com/Folex-Carpet-Spot-Remover-32/dp/B001B0V5GG?sa-no-redirect=1)
we've found for the carpet in the basement and second floor.

* In addition to regular smoke detectors in each bedroom, there are
three [smoke/carbon monoxide
detectors](https://smile.amazon.com/gp/product/B07B8VGHJH/ref=ppx_yo_dt_b_asin_title_o05_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1)--one
on each floor. These were installed in March of 2020, to replace the
former smoke/CO detectors that had reached end of life (lasting about
8 years).

* There are several switches to control the kitchen can lights. One
controls the five lights on the outside. One controls the single can
light in the center. We installed the pendant lights on the same
switch as the center light, and left an old lightbulb in the center
can. Note: I've included images in this repo for the two lights that
appeared to be not working with a working bulb in them.

* There's a door jamb security plate in the front door to make it hard
for someone to just kick in the door. Because of the plate, locking
the front door requires you to push from the inside/pull from the
outside with a bit of force to get the bolt to securely lock.

### Programming the Garage Entry Pad

To program the exterior garage entry pad:
1. Press * and # keys until lights stop flashing
2. Enter PIN
3. Press 3
4. Press Learning button on Opener
5. Enter PIN, then a nonzero number to test.

If you decide to change the garage door opener, [here's the the manual
for the
keypad](https://support.chamberlaingroup.com/s/article/Clicker-Model-KLIK2U-Wireless-Keyless-Entry-Owner-s-Manual-1484145607826) 

## Grounds

* The tree in the front yard tends to bloom late. If you're worried
that other trees in the neighborhood are getting full leaves and your
tree might be dead, just wait a couple of weeks, and it will be full
of leaves.

* The two Christmas-like trees on each side of the house need
occasional pruning. If you find roaches entering the house near the
master bathroom areas, check to see if these trees have branches
reaching to the roof line. If so, cut them back, because that's how
the roaches are getting in.

### Landscaping

We used [Horticultural Gardens](http://horticulturalgardens.net/) to
update the northern side yard. They added the slab stairs and the
slate chips, as well as directed the downspouts underground to French
drains leading to the the two plastic grates next to the mailbox.

We initially wanted to do the same treatment to both the North and
South side, but we couldn't come to an agreement with our neighbors on
the South. After the initial work, however, we realized that an
increase in accessible space meant an increase in foot traffic and
noise around the houses, so we were okay not landscaping the South
side.

## Utilities

* To date, we have only used AT&T Uverse. Xfinity was not available when
we moved in. Our neighbors have since installed Xfinity. They had to
request xfinity business class so they could get hooked up, with the
intent to cancel business class and switch to residential after a
time.

* We use Infinite Energy for gas marketing--you could go with Atlanta
Gas Light or a number of other vendors, but Infinite Energy was nice
to use because they match the lowest prices we found on the [Georgia
Public Service Commission
website](https://psc.ga.gov/utilities/natural-gas/marketers-pricing-index/). We
pull that website up every year when we need to renew our rate, and
ask for the lowest rate that they match.

* Water Billing is through the Homeowners Association, billed
quarterly (see the Homeowners Association section for informational
links).

### Alarm

The list of alarm zones is as follows:

1. Garage entry door
2. Living room windows
3. Basement and powder room windows
4. Dining room windows
5. Den/Stairs/Deck windows
6. Motion sensor located near front door
7. Front door

The front door alarm zone is via a [battery-powered wireless
transmitter](https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/1659/9809/files/plunger_datasheet_hires.pdf?16841792121202968471). The
coin battery (CR1620) was replaced last year, and the original battery
lasted a bit over seven years. Replacing the battery requires a
plastic straw to re-insert the sensor into the door frame.

## Homeowners Association

You can find the relevant HOA docs in the [Mead Crossing HOA Google
Drive](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B2RBs6e3zGfmNU5rV0FGTGlPdEU?usp=sharing). Of
particular note:

* [For New Homeowners](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1N4WAJtai1C2edoCfiRUwJBc-UL6cjAaIFkOywHh4d1k/edit?usp=sharing) -- A rundown of things you should know as new homeowners in Mead Crossing.
* [HOA Covenants](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B2RBs6e3zGfmald3MlVKbk1CSjA/view?usp=sharing)
* [Amendments](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B2RBs6e3zGfmWGktQm4wOHRhMU0/view?usp=sharing)
* [Bylaws](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B2RBs6e3zGfmRnMxSTFDYjlRR3M/view?usp=sharing)

Commit message:

added details about built-in electrical outlets

README.md, after:

# Welcome to 995 Callister!

We built this home in 2012, and in 2013, we brought home our dog and
our son. We welcomed our daughter a few years later. We hope that this
house will be a wonderful home for you and your loved ones!

## Maintenance

* If any bathroom outlet is not working, check the GFCI outlet in the
main floor powder room. Try to reset the outlet and usually, the
outlets in all bathrooms should go back to working.

* The shutoff valve for the hose bib in the front of the house is in the
master bathroom under the right-side sink.

* The shutoff valve for the hose bib on the Southside of the house is
next to the water heater.

* I adjusted the scald guard as requested, but if you desire a
different setting, you'll want to pry the temperature control plate
off of the faucet housing then use a philips-head screwdriver to
remove the piece blocking the guard. Take a picture of the current
setting before attempting to adjust the scald guard, so you know your
starting point.

* The fireplace is a gas fireplace, but requires D cell batteries to
start. To change the batteries, lift the bottom metal face of the
fireplace and pull out.

* The [best carpet spot
remover](https://smile.amazon.com/Folex-Carpet-Spot-Remover-32/dp/B001B0V5GG?sa-no-redirect=1)
we've found for the carpet in the basement and second floor.

* In addition to regular smoke detectors in each bedroom, there are
three [smoke/carbon monoxide
detectors](https://smile.amazon.com/gp/product/B07B8VGHJH/ref=ppx_yo_dt_b_asin_title_o05_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1)--one
on each floor. These were installed in March of 2020, to replace the
former smoke/CO detectors that had reached end of life (lasting about
8 years).

* There are several switches to control the kitchen can lights. One
controls the five lights on the outside. One controls the single can
light in the center. We installed the pendant lights on the same
switch as the center light, and left an old lightbulb in the center
can. Note: I've included images in this repo for the two lights that
appeared to be not working with a working bulb in them.

* There's a door jamb security plate in the front door to make it hard
for someone to just kick in the door. Because of the plate, locking
the front door requires you to push from the inside/pull from the
outside with a bit of force to get the bolt to securely lock.

## Built-Ins

* Behind the bottom drawer on the left side of the sun room desk (main
floor), there is an electrical outlet. To access it, pull the drawer
out until you see black plastic tabs on the slides. Push the tabs
up/down depending on the side, and the drawer should be able to be
pulled out so you can get to the outlet. Be careful when you're
accessing the outlet--there are a few exposed nails near it.

* There's another outlet in the bottom-most storage area in the large
cabinet to the right of the desk.

* In the basement, in addition to separate electrical outlets in the
left-most and right-most cabinets, there is another behind the middle
drawer under the bench seating. Follow the same procedure as above to
access the outlet behind the drawer.

### Programming the Garage Entry Pad

To program the exterior garage entry pad:
1. Press * and # keys until lights stop flashing
2. Enter PIN
3. Press 3
4. Press Learning button on Opener
5. Enter PIN, then a nonzero number to test.

If you decide to change the garage door opener, [here's the the manual
for the
keypad](https://support.chamberlaingroup.com/s/article/Clicker-Model-KLIK2U-Wireless-Keyless-Entry-Owner-s-Manual-1484145607826)

## Grounds

* The tree in the front yard tends to bloom late. If you're worried
that other trees in the neighborhood are getting full leaves and your
tree might be dead, just wait a couple of weeks, and it will be full
of leaves.

* The two Christmas-like trees on each side of the house need
occasional pruning. If you find roaches entering the house near the
master bathroom areas, check to see if these trees have branches
reaching to the roof line. If so, cut them back, because that's how
the roaches are getting in.

### Landscaping

We used [Horticultural Gardens](http://horticulturalgardens.net/) to
update the northern side yard. They added the slab stairs and the
slate chips, as well as directed the downspouts underground to French
drains leading to the the two plastic grates next to the mailbox.

We initially wanted to do the same treatment to both the North and
South side, but we couldn't come to an agreement with our neighbors on
the South. After the initial work, however, we realized that an
increase in accessible space meant an increase in foot traffic and
noise around the houses, so we were okay not landscaping the South
side.

## Utilities

* To date, we have only used AT&T Uverse. Xfinity was not available when
we moved in. Our neighbors have since installed Xfinity. They had to
request xfinity business class so they could get hooked up, with the
intent to cancel business class and switch to residential after a
time.

* We use Infinite Energy for gas marketing--you could go with Atlanta
Gas Light or a number of other vendors, but Infinite Energy was nice
to use because they match the lowest prices we found on the [Georgia
Public Service Commission
website](https://psc.ga.gov/utilities/natural-gas/marketers-pricing-index/). We
pull that website up every year when we need to renew our rate, and
ask for the lowest rate that they match.

* Water Billing is through the Homeowners Association, billed
quarterly (see the Homeowners Association section for informational
links).

### Alarm

The list of alarm zones is as follows:

1. Garage entry door
2. Living room windows
3. Basement and powder room windows
4. Dining room windows
5. Den/Stairs/Deck windows
6. Motion sensor located near front door
7. Front door

The front door alarm zone is via a [battery-powered wireless
transmitter](https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/1659/9809/files/plunger_datasheet_hires.pdf?16841792121202968471). The
coin battery (CR1620) was replaced last year, and the original battery
lasted a bit over seven years. Replacing the battery requires a
plastic straw to re-insert the sensor into the door frame.

## Homeowners Association

You can find the relevant HOA docs in the [Mead Crossing HOA Google
Drive](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B2RBs6e3zGfmNU5rV0FGTGlPdEU?usp=sharing). Of
particular note:

* [For New Homeowners](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1N4WAJtai1C2edoCfiRUwJBc-UL6cjAaIFkOywHh4d1k/edit?usp=sharing) -- A rundown of things you should know as new homeowners in Mead Crossing.
* [HOA Covenants](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B2RBs6e3zGfmald3MlVKbk1CSjA/view?usp=sharing)
* [Amendments](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B2RBs6e3zGfmWGktQm4wOHRhMU0/view?usp=sharing)
* [Bylaws](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B2RBs6e3zGfmRnMxSTFDYjlRR3M/view?usp=sharing)
